Small updates to TiKV config docs (#17976)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

> **Warning:**
>
> - Set `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

> > - Use `enable-ttl` **ONLY IN** a TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster that has TiDB nodes (which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters). Otherwise, critical issues such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters will occur.

Reviewer: Suggest to keep this warning but add the description about it's safe to use with TiDB nodes only when `api-version = 2`.

Author: Updated in 4bfa8dab092f4d1a4e2d49edcbc8e49815de3d5a

> **Warning:**
>
> - Set `enable-ttl` to `true` or `false` **ONLY WHEN** deploying a new TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** modify the value of this configuration item in an existing TiKV cluster. TiKV clusters with different `enable-ttl` values use different data formats. Therefore, if you modify the value of this item in an existing TiKV cluster, the cluster will store data in different formats, which causes the "can't enable TTL on a non-ttl" error when you restart the TiKV cluster.

> > - Use `enable-ttl` **ONLY IN** a TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster that has TiDB nodes (which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters) unless it has `api-version = 2`. Otherwise, critical issues such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters will occur.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> - Use `enable-ttl` **ONLY IN** a TiKV cluster. **DO NOT** use this configuration item in a cluster that has TiDB nodes (which means setting `enable-ttl` to `true` in such clusters) unless `storage.api-version = 2` is configured. Otherwise, critical issues such as data corruption and the upgrade failure of TiDB clusters will occur.
```
